*: Add resource management topic and split docs (#20010)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/tidb-functions.md

| Function name | Function description |
| :-------------- | :------------------------------------- |

> | [`CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`](#current_resource_group)  | Returns the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See [using resource control to achieve resource isolation](/tidb-resource-control-ru-groups.md). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`](#current_resource_group)  | Returns the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See [Use Resource Control to Achieve Resource Group Limitation and Flow Control](/tidb-resource-control-ru-groups.md). |
```
